Auth: Add skip_org_role_sync setting for github (#61673)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/_index.md

| Google | false | true | User organization roles are set with `defaultRole` and the org role can be changed for Google synced users. |
| Google | true | true | User organization roles are set with `defaultRole` for Google. For other providers, the synchronization will be skipped, and the org role can be changed, along with other OAuth provider users' org roles. |

### [auth.github] skip_org_role_sync

> Upon the first login from a user, we set the organization roles from the setting `AutoAssignOrgRole`. If you want to manage organizational roles, set the `skip_org_role_sync` option to `true`. Github syncs organizational roles and sets GrafanaAdmins as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user logs in the first time, Grafana sets the organization role based on the value specified in `AutoAssignOrgRole`. If you want to manage organization roles, set the `skip_org_role_sync` option to `true`. GitHub syncs organization roles and sets Grafana Admins.
```

> Upon the first login from a user, we set the organization roles from the setting `AutoAssignOrgRole`. If you want to manage organizational roles, set the `skip_org_role_sync` option to `true`. Github syncs organizational roles and sets GrafanaAdmins as well.

Reviewer: what does "...sets Grafana Admins as well" mean?

Author: ah it means the role to be a GrafanaAdmin not just "Admin" as a user.

This also impacts `allow_assign_grafana_admin` setting, by not syncing the grafana admin role from GitHub.

> **Note:** There is a separate setting called `oauth_skip_org_role_update_sync` which has a different scope. While `skip_org_role_sync` only applies to the specific OAuth provider, `oauth_skip_org_role_update_sync` is a generic setting that affects all configured OAuth providers.

The following table shows the OAuth provider's setting with the default value and the skip org role sync setting.
| OAuth Provider | `oauth_skip_org_role_sync_update` | `skip_org_role_sync` | Behavior |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | Github | false | false | User organization roles are set with `defaultRole` and cannot be changed |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| GitHub | false | false | User organization roles are set with `defaultRole` and cannot be changed |
```

> | Github | true | false | User organization roles are set with `defaultRole` for Github, and GrafanaAdmins are set. For other providers, the synchronization will be skipped, and the org role can be changed, along with other OAuth provider users' org roles. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Github | true | false | User organization roles are set with `defaultRole` for GitHub, and Grafana Admins are set. For other providers, the synchronization is skipped, and the org role can be changed, along with other OAuth provider users' org roles. |
```

> | Github | false | true | User organization roles are set with `defaultRole` and the org role can be changed for Github synced users. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| GitHub | false | true | User organization roles are set with `defaultRole`, and the organization role can be changed for GitHub synced users. |
```

> | Github | true | true | User organization roles are set with `defaultRole` for Google. For other providers, the synchronization will be skipped, and the org role can be changed, along with other OAuth provider users' org roles. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| GitHub | true | true | User organization roles are set with `defaultRole` for Google. For other providers, the synchronization is skipped, and the org role can be changed, along with other OAuth provider users' org roles. |
```
